Slight issues with using this from an HTC wildfire, when I rotate the screen the app it goes off centre quite badly, and sometimes crashes. Otherwise, fantastic app

interesting 

Bug:



great app.  explains a very complex process in a very understandable way.  





Paese jeep up the gold work!



This app is amazing. Thank you for putting it out here. If there is any other things you are considering making into an app, please don't hesitate or think about it. Just do it.

Great app!

Amazing app, very interesting and engaging. I think that an option like 'There's a Higgs!' should be put in the events streaming, just in case.



This application looks and runs great. Outstanding work. I love it! -Tristen

Super fun thanks :-)



Brilliant effort at trying to explain an esoteric subject.  Well done. 



having some problems with the video streaming. perhaps that's just me?

good work -- if it inspires more to study physics...



just wonder if we can used neutrinos like a comunication device and sent messages over the universe ??

Great app!  It's fun to use and educational.   Keep it up 



great app! tnx!

This app is very cool. Are any collisions at LHC likely to trigger a coincident cosmic ray detector or two elsewhere on the planet? timcor@hotmail.com









Absolutely love the app, maybe one day soon I'll be working with you guys. 

this app is amazing. im one of those science nerds but actually isnt studying physics in college. im a computer science major but physics fascinates me because its like real magic. props to the developers of the app and of course to everyone at cern. i just wish this app had a bit more to it. was hoping streaming 3d u would show the collision animation in slow motion so users can see the particles break apart and explode. but GREAT APP. apps like these make science fun and enjoyable with out having to understand all the math beneath it. so u dont have to be a physicist to understand it! love it!



very cool. would be neat for some further in app reading/explanations.



This app is great. However I remember a program called LHC@home and I was wondering if some kind of app could be written which makes use of the millions of smartphones in the world today which could assist the LHC team with their work. As it would also encourage public interest and participation and ultimately future engagement with the LHC and physics in general.



LHSee is an excellent effort to make us feel a part of grand discovery. The time higgs boson leaves a trail of its existence, mankind will pass another test of God to get closer to the reality of Almighty, the ultimate purpose of human existence.



credimi, se nascessi di nuovo, studierei fisica delle particelle. mi ha sempre affascinato quando ero a scuola. ora ho 45 anni e faccio tutt'altro, ma il mio cuore è con voi e spero di poter aver notizia di altre grandi scoperte! in bocca al lupo e grazie





Wonderful app! 

Un progetto molto interessante da portare su uno smartphone. Complimenti

Love this app. Absolutely wonderful..  Please keep it up!

This app is amazing on the dual core Xoom!





fantastic app! I am currently a senior physics major and I'm taking a course in subatomic physics. this apparently really demystified the LHC for me! I love the live events.

very interesting :) 

Needs an option to put data on the sd card. This was an interesting app. I loved the 3d atlas model, and the hunt for the higgs boson. Thanks for making this available, looking forward to future updates!





complimenti





scusatemi.. ma siete pieni di ingegneri e fate delle app così brutte ? graficamente intendo... e anche al cern i filmati che fate vedere sono di prima che cominciaste i lavori... boh non so ok che è tutto gratis ma cavolo... a chi non sa niente di fisica ci vuole poco per stupirlo, come il globo da visitare molto divertente... cmq ad ogni modo al di là di questo state facendo un lavoro meraviglioso.

This app is a great idea! I am glad to see you guys making information so available. 

I love this app. Thank-you. Why does it appear that there are often two points of collision along an axis. But then,why would I expect all the particles to radiate out from one point?

wonderful app .. maybe colorcode particle-specific tracks. maybe set a timer for a new set of events auto refresh ... nice.. nice app!!

to c apps being developed like this is fantastic

I would love to visit CERN one day to learn more about the universe.

There should be an LHC news section, where you tell news and developments in research and experiments





Complimenti, carina e stimolante. Andrebbe corroborata Da qualche citazione teorica in più....



videos will not load ?

Some grammatical errors but a splendid app. Job well done!

Awesome App! The explanations of how the different parts of the Atlas detector worked was explained very well and in an easy to understand way. Just one thing. The colors of the paths are a little hard to see when overlayed on the different detector elements. 

Love this app but would love to have context on the different particles after the collision.. Also if the universe was created in zero gravity and an explosion in space was Likely mixed with radiation then how Is this environment replicating this...

Some of the grammar in the about atlas section could be improved. Awesome app though!

I'm travelling through a cosmic storm of issues at home, and this application just gave me a much needed boost of morale. It has rekindled an interest in science and  mathematics. I do intend on studying the subject now, especially now with more free time... Thank you so much. I felt like a kid again, and I need that energy right now.

awesome 



honors physics student at Palmer high school... very interesting application.



Great idea thanks.

Would be nice to know exactly what test i was looking at and details about the particles in the experiment.

very nice, and abstractly vivid way of showing how the activity, and study works/ comes together. very satisfied with this app. love to watch the clips. 

Thank you so much for this. I'm 15 and I would love to be a theoretical physicist





this is an amazing application. thanks for your hard work!



Quite complicated, but I understand the basics now. Thanks



Muchas gracias.

Great app, thanks for taking the time to make it. Boinc is compatible with arm linux devices, perhaps turning the app into a boinc server would be academic? 





very nice app. more info about events would be nice i.e. what kind of test is being run

love this app

i love it :) cool stuff!

I think it would be interesting if we could take snapshots of the collisions. They would be very cool as wallpaper.

You have no.idea how happy this.makes me. Thanks for your efforts! 

Pitty my video did not run on my phone. A push button link to your You Tube would have been smashing. No pun intended:-) 

The video about mass won't stream properly on WiFi on some phones. Please offer a download option so we can view playback locally and avoid buffering issues. 

light blue is difficult to see as a particle track against a complex background.  could you try a color with a higher contrast?  Love the app.  Physics fan in Ohio 

Great window into the world of LAC and particle physics!







Absolutely excellent app. I was waiting for something like this.

A wonderful app, keep up the good work! As one who likes to keep tabs on what's happening in LHC, this is a complete winner for me! Thanks once again!

love the application, nice way to introduce people into physics.  And provides a beautiful and hand-held way, of showing people what some event recreation looks like :-) 3D event view is awesome (interaction with layers (ex: detectors) is smooth, and easily accessed) [my phone is HTC Evo]

The app is a very good initiative to bring cutting edge science in to the hands of the public. Very best wishes and wish more of similar ventures.

excellent work. 



Might be useful to include a little more history, famous figures to personalize things. Also an overview of what the goal/potential benefits are, why the work is being done. Great app though, excellent !

Dovrebbe essere possibile vedere un calendario degli eventi in programma presso l'acceleratore, con date e orari degli esperimenti. 

This was quite well designed and was actually extremely entertaining. It only took me a few tries to be able to discern the types of events described. I'd love to have a live feed of events that I could guess at what they were. Perhaps a program could be written to supplement the so called "tracker" program to help use data from our smartphone guesses to help coalesce the data into more likely interesting event candidates? Just a thought. - android user





Good app, thank you. Interesting to be able to see events as they happen. 





great app! great idea! good luck guys! 





math is bizarre

very nice app.  I love the simple graphics on menu page.  I have been showing all my non  technical friends.  great.

Thank you for developing this app. I will also share it with my 21 year old son who has a genuine love for Physics and Calculus... Thank you again to you and all at CERN for the research you are doing it is wonderful.

very cool. explore nucleus ko







this is absolutely fantastic!...what a brilliant way to get people involved in the science and foster interest in physics











there is a slight typo in one of the informative slides. There is a repeat of the word "is" (... is is...)

Wish was part of the team. Wish I could continue my higher education in particle physics.









wow!  this app will certainly help me gain insight into the physical world. thanks. Jane

THANKYOU FOR THIS APP!

outstanding app gentlemen.bravo

Brilliant App for the Physics lovers :) very informative and has given me a broader idea of your work which one day will change the textbooks i used while studying (which are outdated) and discover the elusive higgs boson. i would love the opportunity to work for you as science inspires me. 140 TeV is where i can see the magic happen. Thank you for all your recent work

Great application. It's amazing to see such advanced research as it is currently being done, not to mention the application gets you a firm grasp on the processes occuring during various events. Bravo to both the developers, and to those at CERN as well. People like you are the ones inspiring people like me to do the same.



Great app, thanks. Would like more explaination of the different sub atomic partical types and how they relate to atomic particles.





Absolutely fascinating. Please keep up the good work.



Include more cool stuff for aspiring physicists to geek out on!!!!





great app! really helped me understand what you chaps are physically doing. I guess the next questions that need answering would be more person centric.... why are you bothering? what's the impact for humanity? what's the justification for the research? all pertinent questions I feel





sweet app, i dig the detector views and explanations. awesome 

The Higgs is looking close now, another 20 TeV should do it 









Thank you for helping us visualize what the LHC is.





Fantastic app!  I have been waiting to see LHC results since grade school, and thanks to you I can watch in real time!



Great app. Good explanation of LHC. Very innovative use of technology. Its the only app that has made me glad I went for HTC and not another Blackberry. I used to be employed by UCL and worked on bubble chamber initiation and also on the fringes of the LEP project.





very cool app. my knowledge of physics is elementary at best, but this is facsinating!! its like being able to reach out and lay a hand on the pulse of super science

Higgs killed my dog.

I'd like to see some informations about actual event. (What are they doing, why are they doin it, what are they wayting from it, etc.)

Overall good effort. The 3D is pretty. There are some dialogs that could benefit from an 'then' edit (get it?).





the audio level in video 3 - origin of mass is low. hardly audible.

This is an excellent app - it makes the LHC 'accessible' to a much larger audience & I've thoroughly enjoyed it so far.



Thank you.

I tool physics in High school and just enjoy finding out why things do what they do.  Physics seems to be the key unlocking the answers to most questions.



the volume on the some of the videos was too low.  I played with my phone settings and don't think it's on my end.  overall a great app that I'm recommended to my friends.







Awesom work. I am a rocket scientist and your work helps me understand more of what is seen in space.

I think this is a great idea but needs some explanation for people whom are physics majors.







It would be nice to have a schedule of upcoming events to better track live broadcasts.



I would really like to be able to fly through atlas. So something like a lock xy+move on z axis would be nice. But great job overall guys. I have no education but my own exploration in physics, but I've been following the story of the LHC for years and I really love that I now have a way to connect with it, in my pocket!



Falta info para poder contestar las preguntas

wish there was a way to do math with app to calculated speed of the particles that I'm seeing, so I could calculate totals my self from a given event. 

Wish I could keep hunting for higgs. Please add a refresh, so it pulls a whole new dataset. Also, switching modes when viewing collisions between 3D/2D will be much welcomed, other than that, great app!



add a news feature with current experiments/ reults. add when there will be events occurring would be cool.

bravo

Great app, very informitive. 



avid follower of the lhc and this helps me be more interested and wanting to learn more. 



Brilliant. does need a part of the app which details what each part of the detectors are and what the are for. Also, the "events" should be labeled when they were. 











grymt bra illustrerat, tack!

Great app highlighting important research. 

Fantastic app - more of the same!! Could sound be added to indicate composition eg bell for electron and deeper bell for heavier  etc?



Love it! Any live wallpaper in plans?



Great app, really enjoyed using it.  Nice to have such awesome physics so accessible.





I had seen a demonstration of what the data from the collider looks like before and so I had an idea of what's going on in the 3D explanation.



i dont completely understand what im looking at with the stream event function, maybe have a video of particles being accelerated and tjen as they collide.slow.and stop the video

I love what you guys do.  I work with computers for a living, but I find particle physics very exciting.  Seeing things like this makes me want to change professions. You are helping us understand the world around us.  Thank you for making this!

Straight forward app. English needs improvement and there are several grammatical errors.

It would be really awesome to be able to save an image of an event from the menu bar. I'd love to be able to store interesting events and even make them a wallpaper on my phone. In any case, this app is by far my favorite. Ever. =]





Really amazing app, the explanations were clear and detailed but without being patronizing which was really appreciated









hi,





Gracias por esta magnífica aplicación que ayuda a conocer más y mejor la labor que desempeñan.

particles moving this fast, we should be studying the crab nebula right now. with the enormous energies released and the gamma rays, we would be ahead of the curve if we payed special attention to the energy signatures and behaviors of such. such a release of energies in such a cataclysmic event, would most certainly reveal many new answers and questions relevent to this study





it would be nice to have a schedule of upcoming events to know when to watch.







Good work

interesting project, thanks for the app.





I'm as interested in physics as Obelix is in food. My 'hunger' for knowledge is intense ;and I seriously want to thank the creators of this app. and the people working at CERN because i've learnt so much from this. I almost felt like I was working beside the physicists while analysing those real-time events. A truly awesome app. Keep it up!!!

A few spelling mistakes, some app crashing glitches, overall a pretty solid app.

Although the application is nice it is a Tad pointless.... pleases the masses though and it did tell me how to tell apart different events.

great visualisation. still i have a lot of questions though, for one, what particles are making the different and many lines and how to identify them. also, if hunting for a specific non visible particle, how do you know it is just one type that is revealing itself indirectly. all depends on current scientific theories. anyhow, great work in revealing the basics and essence at the same time.



it would be better if u create a good reference site or book for learning and understanding of quantum physics. thankyou

The last question in your survey presumes incorrectly that I am Brittish. I do not know what those ranks signify, but I can say that I have a Master's degree in Biology from an American university, and I have taken a course in Introductory Physics. I hope that helps.



lik a somebodddyyyy why u tryin t find higgs ass boson stop wastin ur time bigboi



Thanks for this app. , i liked it very much, THE BEST APPLICATION IN WORLD , Can you give me the links to many other Interesting Application.

Best scientific app on the Android market

source code please!







very good app!!! try to add other real time info on the beam if you can

Thank you for creating this educational app

excellent! Keep up the good work!





i have always wondered about the lhc and saw the app so downloaded. overall it was very helpful for understanding more about the lhc but there was one thing left unanswered: why do you want to collide particles? what have we learned from this ? why build it in the first place. i know nothing about physics but was able to follow the animations and understand but was still left with those questions. also on a small note , some of the English in the presentation needs to be fixed. (I typed this on an android tablet so my English /typing is not great. 

The list of options when identifying reactions truncates the reaction. This doesn't really hurt most of them, but since the tutorial never really goes over the expected Higgs boson decay products and the products are truncated to "...", the user is forced to simply pick Higgs boson when they see something unfamiliar, without really understanding what is going on.



Us luddites need all the help we can get understanding the work CERN does. This application helps greatly in helping me understand physics.

I am simply a "lay physics" sort of person. I taught myself higher mathematics after reading Hawkins's " A Brief History of Time" and learning the rudimentary beginnings of string theory. 90% of my knowledge comes from Barnes & Nobels and books I beg, borrow or steal from thrift stores or libraries. I have been a big.fan and.supporter of CERN for many.years. I truly hope.your latest with faster than light particals is proven true.









Great stuff, the LHC. More power to your elbow, CERN. Kudos to the developers of this app, its truly magnificent.  Hope to see this app develop further with wiki styled explanations in an organically constructed, animated tutorial. Thanks again, dear developers :)





Thanks for this app..  I have never really been interested in physics till now.



Nice one.Keep going! :)

Great app! Only thing I had to Google was what GCSE & A-levels were... 





The information it's great and the graphical representations bring it all alive. Beautiful work. 

Videos are scaled down and pushed to the left on HTC Evo.



Wonderful app!! Thank you!! I'd love an app that displays the Bolshoi Simulation if you are looking for a new project :-)

thanks for sharing such a inspiring experiment

This app is high quality, if I could make a suggestion: It would be nice if the downloaded event had an ID associated with it that a user could then get more information about it from the web or via the app. But even without that you all have made a really great app. Thank You

can we have a fleshed in 3d model of all the collectors that could be switched on/off.  maybe a person to show scale.



Awesome work! I remember staying up all night watching the live webcast of the LHCs first collision. been trying to keep up to date since. this is a very cool app!  thank you!   p.s.  would like to see info about the other detectors. :o) 





The idea that we can stream some of the worlds most advanced scientific data from anywhere in the world is almost poetically humbling and uniting, gives me hope for humanity.







@ some day i hope it is as easy to explain as basic atom theory in pub school.





this is a genius app. love the presentation.definitely raises interest in Physics. Awesome!!



















wonderful! This is a great app for LHC folks as well.

where's the source code for this? Suppose ALICE, CMS, or LHCb would like something similar?



I have not seen any muon events from the live data, is this to be expected?



well done! clear, simple yet, fascinating

A great app which I'm sure will get  more people interested in particle physics. So useful in understanding how the atlas detector does its job. how about the other detectors?

Un genial trabajo, espero que saque más programas similares

Have a rudimentary understanding, at best, of what is depicted here but it's fun to play with! Must appeal to the same lower spine thing thst's attracted to shiny things!

I would like to see a option where you are able to change the default language. Or rather just keep the app in english. Because Google Translate is not pretty. Otherwise I love this app! Great job and keep looking:)







Totally awesome and an extremely helpful application.



Great fun, I've spotted a Higg's boson many times. Get on with it.







could use a better interface





Very interesting app especially the live events! 





very interesting and informative app. It gave me a better understanding of how the Atlas sensors operated.  I hope that you will add info on the other LHC modules.



The most informative an educational app ever. Absolutely brilliant. 













The app is fantastic, I only found it as it was reported in this months Physics world mag. Great job.



Hervorragend umgesetzt. Vielen Dank für diese tolle App! :-)

Mechanical engineer, but have enjoyed physics most of my life.  Great app, will definitely spend more time with it.





Excellent application, throughly enjoyed it. Would it be possible in the future to add a basic simulation of so you can play around with the variables and see the results.

Thank you very much for this app.

thanks! really enjoy particle tracks and matching events.

science ftw !!!!!!





I'be greatful to get new videos and srarching infos of new results in the future to this app forexample in upgrafe mode.  Sincerelly.  Juhani Viiri hanivir@gmail.com    Kemi   Finland



i wish there was informed commentary on some  events. Like "strange Z decay" or "normal Z event" not for every event. it is not like this is realtme, anyway. 













I like the app within itself  an excellent piece of work 10/10

Prima Idee! Sind das wirklich Live-Ereignisse? Das Laden von Ereignissen im 3D-Modus scheint nicht zu funktionieren.

Thank you for this app! I am looking forward for updates! 







Excelente

It would be nice to have more data on each event. Time and date at the very least, but more specifics on the actual event would be better. Superb app, and one I plan to check often. I showed this to a PhD I work with who is actively producing silicone devices down to the 6-12nm range and impressed the heck out of him! Now that was an accomplishment. Thank you! Keep up the excellent work and get people excited about the LUV.

Awesome app!

Maybe it is nice to put a news feature to the app





excellent work!

can the ability to have a schedule of running experiments listed? I find I am never able to see the live stream.

I've always wanted to visit CERN. This is as close as I've gotten so far. =)

excellent app even for ageing professors who know Vern too well. thanx 

Excellent app, although a little buggy on my froyo motorola defy. Thanks for bringing the LHC to our pockets!

Great idea !! We need more apps like that !



I cant see the muons and neutrinos in the 2d/3d just the electrons, is this correct? And is there anywhere you can  show weird and interesting Results of you find any. Keep up the good work :) 





nice animation   invites a lot of questions



need data as well...



The application background is white as well as the button background.  It is nearly impossible to read the button text.  One of my favorite applications, so please fix this! 

Epic, although im no doctor I am extremely excited by these possibilities and wish I could spread it! Excited about the ftl stuff and mass. I so hope we're wrong with the current models that we use, look how far we've got by being incorrect! 









Gracias por abrir la puerta, es difícil entender la física aún más cuando lo haces por tu cuenta. Cristina



cool app, need more of this.



Nice work!





need more information on particles, a table of known particles (eg. electron, muon, taon, ... charge, color, taste?, mass, decay)





a better explanation of the particle paths







Vielen Dank für die interessante App





Great application. I am an IT guy who has always been interested in particle physics, but more as a hobby than a career path. 



Love this app for it's simple view of a deeply complex subject and machine. Please continue development! :)

the videos within the explore the lhc section state they are unavailable for my device.  Samsung Nexus S.

Didnt see muon traces in the quiz at the question that should show higgs decay...

Please make an Android Tablet optimized version!! (Running Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Tegra 2 Chip)



yo quiero trabajar en el LHC !





it's a nice experiment to find out the the moment of creation (god practical )...

Thank you very much ! Super app. Such science apps we need more of.

Thank you for giving those of us who fell short of living the dream the chance to look a bit closer at what's going on over there :-) 



Love your app - if only it were as easy (!) to visualize all science.

Very nice application! Thanks! I am a phycisist, and I find it estrange not having more applications like thos one in the market. They are really good for outreach, education and fun! I woyld love to be able to download an specific event from ATLAS database, event number 86694500 comes to mind! Thanks Again!

In the new feature LHC in 3D....is the "test event" what I think it is? Is it a real event? Great app. Would love to see some more sample "exotic collision" events in movable 3d. Beam me up! Seriously, cool app. Live long and prosper.









Wonderful app. I wish it was stereoscopic 3d though as I own the HTC EVO 3d. One other notable feature is streaming live collisions. I currently have to manually download each collision, if the app would automatically download and truly stream the events live, that would be epic, given a pause live events feature. Keep up the great work!





THANK You



Very cool app, thank you developers.

more could be put in to explain the accelerator processes, however is a brilliant app

tag the particales "indentified them"

WHEN, YOU HAVE BEEN THROUGH! MY, ABDUCTION TRAUMA! OH! YES! I SAID! ABDUCTIONS! YOU JUST! ARE TAUGHT THINGS! AT TIMES! IT'S ALMOST, TO MUCH! TO HANDLE! EVEN BARE! SINCERLY! CYNTHIA.

I have no idea what I'm looking at



da ingegnere meccanico confesso che ne sapevo poco sull' argomento. Davvero ben fatto ed interessante. complimenti . Max 





Thank you...

congratulations, really good app and very important work.













the idea of allowing the public in to the  future of science is most appropriate in this age of history.  thank you



It would be nice to see in the events what tracks are which particles.

Subject: Application Feedback

















Please come out with more physics education applications.











Brilliant App. I want to learn more.







more!!



Fantastic app, and really well done with lots of information and videos and real time data to show you what is going on.













really nice!

good fun...i found the higgs boson!!!! do i get a nobel prize? probably not but a good app that has helped me understand a bit more....and helped me get through my extremely quiet night shift...thanks!

I went to CERN recently with my school and this complements the trip brilliantly.





I really want to become a physicist in my life!













loved the app. very interesting. 

Exceptional, a true joy and what a privilege to witness your greatness... expressions of humble gratitude and excitement for your noble endeavors. Best of luck for your continuing success.





date and event numbers would be helpful and a more in depth explaination to understand how particles behave in order to identify which one is which. I read through but still don't quite fully understand.



thanks for great app.

